## Good Movies
This is a webapp that uses data from https://www.themoviedb.org to generate lists of popular and top rated movies! Good Movies is intended to use from your phone, but looks nice on desktop too. Works best on Chrome.

Temporarily hosted at https://goodmovie.azurewebsites.net until I run out of free credits. The API key needed to access themoviedb is stored on the server side, and this webapps makes calls to the appropriate endpoints on the azure website.

To use this app in your own project, you will need to get your own API key from themoviedb website. Instructions for how to do so are below in [Using your own API key](#using-your-own-api-key). Once you've cloned this directory, your API key is set up and the config file updated, continue to [project setup](#project-setup) for instructions to start the webapp.

## Project Features
- View posters of popular movies
- View posters of top rated movies
- Click into movie posters to get more details
- Mark different movies as favorites, and view a list of your favorites
- Staggered API calls to themoviedb to keep under the rate limit
- Infinite scrolling!

## Running this project

### Using your own API key:
- Create a config.js file in the parent directory (same directory as package.json)
- Add this as the contents: 
```
module.exports = {
	API_KEY: <YOUR API KEY HERE>
}
```
- Save the file ...
- If you plan on uploading this code somewhere online, create a .gitignore file in the same directory, and include:
```
config.js
```
so that you don't publish your API key

Since this website is now hosted on azurewebsites, you'll need to update the endpoint in the store in the 'fetchMovies' function to use your API key and hit themoviedb endpoints.

### Project setup
These instructions were automatically generated by vue-cli. You should install yarn for best results, but npm works too
```
yarn install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
yarn run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
yarn run build
```

### Lints and fixes files
```
yarn run lint
```

### Run your unit tests
```
yarn run test:unit
```
